# Terms

Entry Point - The starting point or "main" function for your application code. It's where the execution of your code begins. While it can technically be a particular file, the defining feature would be that the code places the first function from your code onto the CPU stack. It is from this function call that all other function calls in your application proceed. This is the first function on the call stack (essentially creating a stack) and it will be the last function to exit when the program finishes ececution. In our case, the entry point is our index.html file which ends up calling our Javascript code to run in the browser!

Same Origin Policy (SOP) - The same-origin policy is a critical security mechanism that restricts how a document or script loaded by one origin can interact with a resource from another origin. It helps isolate potentially malicious documents, reducing possible attack vectors. It is a security feature that is built into and implemented by the browser itself. In most cases, the sending of a request will paused by the browser when it is noted as cross-origin and a special request is sent to the server called a Pre-Flight OPTIONS request. Depending on the response from the server, the request may never be sent at all. Some attacks get around this feature as there are still ways of sending a request that will not trigger a Pre-Flight request. In these cases, the response data will still be unavailable to the malicious client, but if any data on the server was altered by the request, the attack may still be a success.

Cross-Origin Resource SHaring (CORS) - An HTTP-header based mechanism that allows a server to indicate any origins (domain, scheme, or port) other than its own from which a browser should permit loading resources. CORS also relies on a mechanism by which browsers make a "preflight" request to the server hosting the cross-origin resource, in order to check that the server will permit the actual request. In that preflight, the browser sends headers that indicate the HTTP method and headers that will be used in the actual request.

Hyper-Text Transfer Protocol (HTTP) - An application-layer protocol that is used primarily for the transmission of data between browsers and servers.

Bundler - A module bundler is a tool developers use to bundle an app's modules and dependencies into a single browser-compatible JavaScript file. Webpack also performs these same operations on your CSS code files!
